I'm on a fish but I think I'm also on
that that law although I'm off now
all right
oh we got a fish on here
dougies gout up finish okay
hmm
he's big
so I think he I don't know how big he is
but I'm trying to keep him off that edge
because if it gets too much on that edge
right there
we're good I'll lose him we have an
expert voice no we don't have an expert
it's good boy I'll tell you how he's got
some power
there is
oh yes
he's coming
well no no no don't stare get him get
him get even oh oh yeah you missed him
oh he was right up on there waiting for
you too
oh what a shame what a shame
hold the bottom of the net so the net
doesn't go in the big gap and then you
let it you have to step it down though
don't do a fine big o reach for him just
kind of you know wait till he gets
dragging towards us and then scoop him I
see it's just a matter he's a nice size
fish I'm not sure what if he's a Hatcher
or not yeah but
he's in the mouth I can see it
yeah oh yeah he's big he's big I can't
just control him
see he's so big he's just pulling down
that light I can't get him
come on baby
you don't know what
okay
well that's right in its Naser
get ready cuz he's gonna come in just a
second I think
it's right in this schnauzer oh yes oh
there's a nice fish oh it's a hatchery
headfirst Jim Jim get the fish Jim yeah
no no don't get on the line don't get on
the line don't get the line Jim oh dear
God
oh there God much God being it here here
step forward
uh-huh damn it here we go oh it's okay
buddy
we'll get it oh fudge
damn it you gotta get his head first
though you're trying to get him by the
body get him by the head now when he
turns when he turns he's gonna he'll
turn
now lift up there you go hold that hold
it hold hold hold that it's a hatchery
it's a hatch or any Jimmy oh dude you're
a bum watch f-bombs I'm recording watch
your f-bombs that's a good fish oh yeah
let me see that fish here for the camera
and yeah
killer your food hey hey that's nice